from 1340B:

-- DP of three states. With 0 & 1 string. Nice Dp question.











650 CR Div 3:

from c:
To accomodate base cases around indices 0 and n-1 we theoretically expands the array on both sides, constraining it to the given conditions.
This helps us to solve base cases in similar way as general cases.


from e:

1)
for making an array of 'n' number k-cyclic we need to place same elements at gcd(n,k) apart.
Thus we need e = n/gcd(n,k) elements of the same type. And let there be such 'g' groups then 
if g*e >=n (i.e. total number of elements which can be divided in group of 'e' same  elements) 
then array can be k-cyclic.

2) STL function for gcd is __gcd(a,b)


from f1:

--> When sorting and asking number of swaps then we can look for LIS of given array which is sorted.
--> Here instead of actual value only ordering matters so we reduce the array A to A' with values from 
0 to n-1. Keeping the ordering.
 









651 CR Div2
D
We can use binary search to search over all possible answer (that is range of input values)
with BS we can change lower bound and upper bound on the answer with keeping in mind constraint required to generate answer. 






CR Gloabal Round 9

Nice Contest. All problems are nice.

B,D - Find the solution which is universal and easily achieveable.

C-Element Extermination
	-- Observing property of answer and arriving at conditions for possible answer.


E-Inversion SwapSort
	-- Nice question.
	-- Maniers times you do not need actual array only the ordering of the elements. So array is reduced to array with elements with 1...N. 
It simplifies how we arrive at solution.







657CR DIV2
Couldn't solve single question during contest

A- Nice brute force implementation
B- require mathemaical thinking
C- Nice question on observing some propery of answer, then using
binary  search finding the answer. Can see editorial again.







658CRDiv2
B - Gaming question, Lots of thinking was required
C - hard version is nice question, can see editorial again
D - Nice question based on observation of input permutation and then using standard dp subset sum. In question
like this see the pattern in input.(some basic technique can be fixxing max or min element).






659 CR Div2
Hard contest

Couldnot solve single question during contest

-- for a, trick is forming strings with largest possible length with all characters same, and changing them according to A[i] values
-- c is nice string question

-- Haven't upsolved other questions










ER 92

--c is brute force question, after obsertving property of answer
--b is nice question using nice observation
